README.md, before:

# coc-symbol-line

![demo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47070852/155291646-ec1f5623-63ab-4ff5-a48e-cd9670e5c39e.gif)

## Install

`:CocInstall coc-symbol-line`

## Setup

add section `%{%get(b:, "coc_symbol_line", "")%}` to tabline/statusline or
neovim's winbar

<details>
<summary>lua snippet for neovim</summary>

```lua
function _G.symbol_line()
  local curwin = vim.g.statusline_winid or 0
  local curbuf = vim.api.nvim_win_get_buf(curwin)
  local ok, line = pcall(vim.api.nvim_buf_get_var, curbuf, 'coc_symbol_line')
  return ok and line or ''
end

vim.o.tabline = '%!v:lua.symbol_line()'
vim.o.statusline = '%!v:lua.symbol_line()'
vim.o.winbar = '%!v:lua.symbol_line()'

```

</details>

## Usage

This plugin only provide buffer localed variable `coc_symbol_line`

Left click to jump to the position of this symbol.
Right click to select the range of this symbol.

## Options

- `symbol-line.default`
- `symbol-line.separator`

## Highlights

- `CocSymbolLine`

Most of code is copied from coc.nvim :)

Commit message:

feat: allow custom separator hi `CocSymbolLineSeparator`

README.md, after:

# coc-symbol-line

![demo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47070852/155291646-ec1f5623-63ab-4ff5-a48e-cd9670e5c39e.gif)

## Install

`:CocInstall coc-symbol-line`

## Setup

add section `%{%get(b:, "coc_symbol_line", "")%}` to tabline/statusline or
neovim's winbar

<details>
<summary>lua snippet for neovim</summary>

```lua
function _G.symbol_line()
  local curwin = vim.g.statusline_winid or 0
  local curbuf = vim.api.nvim_win_get_buf(curwin)
  local ok, line = pcall(vim.api.nvim_buf_get_var, curbuf, 'coc_symbol_line')
  return ok and line or ''
end

vim.o.tabline = '%!v:lua.symbol_line()'
vim.o.statusline = '%!v:lua.symbol_line()'
vim.o.winbar = '%!v:lua.symbol_line()'

```

</details>

## Usage

This plugin only provide buffer localed variable `coc_symbol_line`

Left click to jump to the position of this symbol.
Right click to select the range of this symbol.

## Options

- `symbol-line.default`
- `symbol-line.separator`

## Highlights

- `CocSymbolLine`
- `CocSymbolLineSeparator`

You should setup highlights before this extension activated.

---

Most of code is copied from coc.nvim :)
